One of the things they really convince you is true in the marine corps
and I don't think I've ever met a marine who didn't believe it, was
wearing the uniform as a matter of great pride. So the marines put
that in me and it's been in me ever since and I've really enjoyed wearing
the uniform. But I did have one commanding officer who like to
wear the uniform so much that would we'd fly with some place in the
reserve for the weekend, when we came back from that trip, he would
always make sure we waited till the last minute, so we didn't have
changed it a time to change into our civilian clothes before we got
on the plane so we always fly home in our summer whites, which your
white shoulder boards with the ribbons and everything because he loved
to fly wearing uniform. We always got good comments from the people
on the plane